README.md, before:

# SlackMod
Adds a custom CSS menu to slack

## About:
A very work in progress client mod for slack.

Currently adds a Custom CSS menu:
![Slack Preferences Screen with CSS tab selected with a fair bit of code written in the editor](https://i.imgur.com/UUxtgQj.png)

For more detail see these blog posts of mine: 
- [initial creation of this project](https://dev.to/f53/adding-a-custom-css-menu-to-slack-1090)
- [improving the editor](https://dev.to/f53/slack-mod-improving-the-editor-4hbn)
- 

## Why?
Discord has a lot of mods to help customize and improve it. 

Slack is basically Discord but worse and targeted at professionals instead of gamers.

If Slack is worse, why isn't there any mods for it?

## Setup:
1. Install [Python 3](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
2. `git clone https://github.com/CodeF53/SlackMod` and `cd SlackMod`

Or download the and extract source code 

![under the green code button, click download zip](https://i.imgur.com/vUtt1im.png) 

Then extract it and open a command prompt inside

3. `python3 -m pip install -r requirements.txt`

## Usage:
In the directory that you cloned or extracted the mod:
```
python3 slack_launch.py
```

Commit message:

Add archive notice to readme

README.md, after:

# SlackMod [archive]
Adds a custom CSS menu to slack

I stopped using slack after I graduated from the trade school I was attending while writing this.

I don't have any plans to further maintain this project. In future if I end up using slack or some other poorly styled electron app again I will instead try and fork [BeautifulDiscord](https://github.com/leovoel/BeautifulDiscord) to be more generally applicable to all electron apps.

## About:
A very work in progress client mod for slack.

Currently adds a Custom CSS menu:
![Slack Preferences Screen with CSS tab selected with a fair bit of code written in the editor](https://i.imgur.com/UUxtgQj.png)

For more detail see these blog posts of mine: 
- [initial creation of this project](https://dev.to/f53/adding-a-custom-css-menu-to-slack-1090)
- [improving the editor](https://dev.to/f53/slack-mod-improving-the-editor-4hbn)
- 

## Why?
Discord has a lot of mods to help customize and improve it. 

Slack is basically Discord but worse and targeted at professionals instead of gamers.

If Slack is worse, why isn't there any mods for it?

## Setup:
1. Install [Python 3](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
2. `git clone https://github.com/CodeF53/SlackMod` and `cd SlackMod`

Or download the and extract source code 

![under the green code button, click download zip](https://i.imgur.com/vUtt1im.png) 

Then extract it and open a command prompt inside

3. `python3 -m pip install -r requirements.txt`

## Usage:
In the directory that you cloned or extracted the mod:
```
python3 slack_launch.py
```
